+++
title = "NTIRE2018 Challenge on Image Dehazing: Methods and Results"
date = 2018-03-08T15:01:47+08:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
# authors = ["Kangfu Mei", "Juncheng Li", "Luyao", "Mingwen Wang", "Aiwen Jiang"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "CVPR2018 workshop"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "This paper reviews the ﬁrst challenge on image dehazing (restoration of rich details in hazy image) with focus on proposed solutions and results. The challenge had 2 tracks. Track 1 employed the indoor images (using I-HAZE dataset), while Track 2 outdoor images (using O-HAZE dataset). The hazy images have been captured in presence of real haze, generated by professional haze machines. IHAZEdatasetcontains35scenesthatcorrespondtoindoor domestic environments, with objects with different colors and specularities. O-HAZE contains 45 different outdoor scenes depicting the same visual content recorded in hazefree and hazy conditions, under the same illumination parameters. Thedehazingprocesswaslearnablethroughprovided pairs of haze-free and hazy train images. Each track had ∼ 120 registered participants and 21 teams competed in the ﬁnal testing phase. They gauge the state-of-the-art in image dehazing."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = "pdf/ntire-2018-dehazing-challenge-report.pdf"
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = false

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
